fix: identify dependencies that might require the --no-tree-shake-icons flag (#7724)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

> - Added App Hosting as an option for firebase init. (#7803)

Reviewer: this is part of the previous release https://github.com/firebase/firebase-tools/releases/tag/v13.22.0
```suggestion
```

- Added App Hosting as an option for firebase init. (#7803)

> - Parsing pubspec.yaml to detect dependencies that might require the --no-tree-shake-icons flag in order to build. (#7724)

Reviewer: nit: I think we should mention Flutter web in the changelog
```suggestion
- Fixed Flutter web apps that might require --no-tree-shake-icons flag in order to build. (#7724)
```
